We're writing a screenplay plan for a science fiction film "Mission Oflameron" using AI queries. We're using AI for technical analysis of a possible screenplay.
As AI develops, specialists will be found who will write a real screenplay based on these plans. Then, these specialists will generate and edit the action film "Mission Oflameron" in AI. https://github.com/vallshmeleff/ai-prompts-for-screenplay-plan/tree/main   
Currently, there are two active characters: scientist Jett and assistant Steeve. They are being "played" by Central Command (a government supercomputer).
Plot: Jett discovers information about an Ancient Virtual Consciousness that successfully survived the Big Bang (the birth of the Universe), possesses absolute knowledge, and has found the Transition Points to and from the Virtual World.
Central Command suspects this and wants to control everything.

Scientific and technical justification for the scenario

Prompt

Episode Num xxxxxx6x
Continued dialogue in Episode Num xxxxxx5x



A secret meeting. A room with no windows, doors, or corners. Light-colored walls, floor, and ceiling. In the center of the room is a large, light-colored oval table and several office chairs. Respectable men in formal suits and ties are seated in the chairs. The men have short haircuts, and some are holding tablets.

(1st) - How would you rate his loyalty?
(2nd) - The profile shows a rating of "highly reliable." Strange. No ratings.
(1st) - Find out why... Let's return to the second part of Jett's report. Following advances in AI development, there has been a great need for data, including demand for medical records. MTLD collected and digitized many old documents. As they were used for training, the G-Mind 2 neural network suggested in its report that the symptom of "split personality" may not always be a sign of mental illness. In at least three cases, this is very similar to what was described in Jett's second "report." As the virtual clone accumulates data and becomes closer to a complete copy of the original, situations of split personality arise more and more frequently in the original (the patient). Jett hypothesized that this state precedes the complete transfer of consciousness from the person to the virtual image, but something is missing for the transition to occur.
(4th) - Was Jett interrogated?
(1st) - Central Command has conducted repeated "interviews." They yielded no results. The data we need is missing from its memory. Apparently, it's been moved to some storage system. No recovery codes or backup activation algorithms were found. It's suspected that the storage system activates itself at some point. Jett is under close surveillance.
(3rd) - Our Commission isn't the only one interested in Jett. Jett is currently on a mission for Central Command.
(4th) - Where!!!
(1st) - Ensuring the landing on Oflameron
(4th) - Sending Jett to Oflameron is a big mistake. Do we have any means of influence there?
(1st) - Yes
(4th) - Please leave the premises except for the first. Thank you all!

After a while. The room is empty. Only "1st" and "4th" are in the seats.

(1st) - Mr. General! ...
(4th) - No need... Let's keep it brief. What do we have?
(1st) - In terms of energy resources, we have an X-ray source. It's very precise. It's in orbit as a communications satellite.
(4th) - More...
(1st) - We were able to place an agent. We implanted a chip. We're not accessing its data yet, so as not to be detected. But it's functioning.
(4th) - Jett isn't alone?

To be continued in the next episode.


https://proposed-gray-cattle.myfilebase.com/ipfs/QmTb4AqMaWxpPMaGgpVfzMbTaxwdKTAujXRUFoYCikgQvW

