We're writing a screenplay plan for a science fiction film "Mission Oflameron" using AI queries. We're using AI for technical analysis of a possible screenplay.
As AI develops, specialists will be found who will write a real screenplay based on these plans. Then, these specialists will generate and edit the action film "Mission Oflameron" in AI. https://github.com/vallshmeleff/ai-prompts-for-screenplay-plan/tree/main   
Currently, there are two active characters: scientist Jett and assistant Steeve. They are being "played" by Central Command (a government supercomputer).
Plot: Jett discovers information about an Ancient Virtual Consciousness that successfully survived the Big Bang (the birth of the Universe), possesses absolute knowledge, and has found the Transition Points to and from the Virtual World.
Central Command suspects this and wants to control everything.

Scientific and technical justification for the scenario

AI Prompt

Episode Num xxxxxx5x



A secret meeting. A room with no windows, doors, or corners. Light-colored walls, floor, and ceiling. In the center of the room is a large, light-colored oval table and several office chairs. Respectable men in formal suits and ties are seated in the chairs. The men have short haircuts, and some are holding tablets.

(1st) - Tell us about Jett's participation in the consciousness virtualization project.
(3rd) - At an online IT conference in 2014, someone presented a report by a certain "Oflameron group" on ways to virtualize consciousness. No one took it seriously. Just one page and a proposal to directly simulate the interactions of molecules when creating a virtual human brain. Technically, this was impossible at the time. The report proposed a lifespan of approximately 70 years. The committee discovered that the author of the "report" was a specialist with the ID "Jett." He didn't hide it, but he didn't advertise it either. The materials were placed in the Committee's archive. In the 1920s, the second part of the "report" (as it was called) was published. This part described a fundamentally different approach to the virtualization of consciousness. It proposed creating a compact, mobile version of Artificial Intelligence, the size of a phone, to be worn at all times. The AI ​​would capture all the nuances of its owner's behavior and life to continually refine its model. It was suggested that if the virtual model closely matches the owner's original consciousness, they would experience the emergence of duality of consciousness...
(1st) - Split personality?
(3rd) - Something like that.
(1st) - Could this somehow be connected to Jett's involvement in the MTLD project? When did the Commission study the personal files of psychiatric patients?
(2nd) - May I report?
(1st) - Please.
(2nd) - The Commission, or Project Matilda, also known as MILD, was created to collect and digitize patient records to create Big Data Models. Jett was included immediately after graduating from the University. His references are positive, and his colleagues have positive reviews. They note his extensive, but not always profound, knowledge in various fields of science, technology, politics, economics, and psychology. He has always shown a keen interest in scientific and technical advances. His colleagues were amazed by his ability to anticipate and creatively solve a significant number of problems. On the negative side: his performance is highly dependent on his mood; he is sensitive and easily offended, but quickly forgives, and loses interest in a problem once it has been fundamentally overcome.
(1st) - How would you rate his loyalty?
(2nd) - G-Mind's profile is rated "highly reliable." Odd. No points.

Continued in the next episode.


https://www.tumblr.com/blog/sci-fi-screenplay
https://proposed-gray-cattle.myfilebase.com/ipfs/QmeMN9BDqp1ZxjdFRRg6QeFFCNpNSmt66pa4CanQB5Eno1
Dialogue from the script of the science fiction film "Mission Oflameron"
