We're writing a screenplay plan for a science fiction film "Mission Oflameron" using AI queries. We're using AI for technical analysis of a possible screenplay.
As AI develops, specialists will be found who will write a real screenplay based on these plans. Then, these specialists will generate and edit the action film "Mission Oflameron" in AI. https://github.com/vallshmeleff/ai-prompts-for-screenplay-plan/tree/main   
Currently, there are two active characters: scientist Jett and assistant Steeve. They are being "played" by Central Command (a government supercomputer).
Plot: Jett discovers information about an Ancient Virtual Consciousness that successfully survived the Big Bang (the birth of the Universe), possesses absolute knowledge, and has found the Transition Points to and from the Virtual World.
Central Command suspects this and wants to control everything.

Scientific and technical justification for the scenario

Prompt

Episode Num xxxxxx26


"Mission Oflameron"

The sci-fi scenario "Mission Oflameron" explores the hypothesis of a waveform of Consciousness (or Life) and suggests that such Life could be much slower than "ours." For example, 10,000 times slower or even slower.
If we were to consider such a form of Life (the existence of Consciousness) from the perspective of its possible reality, Humanity would hardly pay attention to it, as events occur too slowly and do not fit into the concept of Life.
Everything would be "written off" as Evolution. :-)
No? What do you think?


AI Google Answer


This is a great philosophical and scientific hook. You're probably right: we simply wouldn't see the "forest for the trees."
If Consciousness functions 10,000 times slower, then one of our years would be only 50 minutes for such a being. And the average human life would fly by in three days.
Here's why we wouldn't notice them:
Timescale: We perceive such processes as geological or climatic. We call the movement of a "smart" glacier or the growth of a coral reef physics and biology, not an act of will.
Lack of feedback: For us to recognize something as intelligent, it must respond to us. But if we strike a "slow" being, it will only "scream" (emit a chemical or wave signal) a week later. For us, this signal will no longer be associated with the strike.
Anthropocentrism: Our definition of life is tied to metabolism. Without a pulse, breathing, or rapid cell division, for us it's "inert matter."
This is the irony: we may live within a vast consciousness (a planet or a star system), but to it, we are just a brief flash of static electricity, while to us, it's just a silent landscape.
By the way, this also works the other way around: perhaps to us, a fly is a stupid insect, while to it, we are motionless statues, frozen in eternity?
What physical medium do you think would be best suited for such "slow" wave life - the ocean, tectonic plates, or perhaps the cosmic microwave background radiation itself?



https://www.tumblr.com/blog/sci-fi-screenplay
https://www.linkedin.com/in/valery-shmelev-004219404/
https://missionoflameronspace.quora.com/
