A brief outline for the script of the science fiction action film "Mission Oflameron."

The film is set in the second half of the 20th century and a promising future (approximately 2050-2070). The film utilizes the latest scientific theories with the most plausible evidence.
Film Plot:
Billions of years ago, a virtual form of life (Virtual Consciousness) was able to overcome the Big Bang, which created the modern world.
The characteristics of Virtual Consciousness include comprehensive knowledge, an extremely slow pace of events (compared to our world), and an almost complete lack of interaction with the material world.
Virtual Consciousness created the first primitive organic life forms to solve its fundamental problems:
- to create a much more rapidly developing civilization (Humanity, several independent civilizations) to simulate future scenarios
- to create the ability to transition from Virtual Consciousness to the material world to expand its capabilities
Special Transition Points were used to transition from the Virtual World to the material world and back.
At the end of the 20th century, intelligence agencies, analyzing accumulated data, noticed certain anomalies that they could not yet correctly interpret. However, they were able to initiate large-scale and secretive efforts to search for and accumulate information.
It was at this time that Jett and Steeve (the two main characters, young scientists) were sent to search for and collect the necessary information (still in paper form).
Decades later, the accumulated information was processed by Artificial Intelligence systems (Central Command), and one of the locations with unusual anomalies (the planet Oflameron) attracted close attention.
Repeated attempts to land on the planet ended in failure. Only missions led by Jett were successful. Central Command was forced to send landing forces under Jett's leadership to the planet again to determine the purpose of the detected anomalies. To monitor the operation and Jett, Central Command deployed an X-ray laser to the orbit of Oflameron and prepared it for deployment.
But something went wrong...


https://pixelfed.ru/p/Jettman/933976685793411444
